I
hi al shleimah hey it's a circle line we
start with the right foot right foot
turn with the left face to the center
here we're doing open cause behind and
in front with the right and left open
cause we delay we'd write it close with
left church over the left and cause hell
full turn on the line let's write get
together and right turn three and four
open cause behind any font open close
chacha goes and full turn the second
we're doing open mind on the right one
two three and four open close with left
left close with right face to the center
open close behind an infant we turn and
backward with the right inside to the
center with right right left p vote
outside with the left face to the center
open cause behind any fault sway sway
quotes right and left sway again and
cause here we turn to the right on the
line chacha and cause we turn back
chacha and cause again all the day the
first spot three and four open cause
behind any fault open close chacha and
close and full turn open mine open close
open close open close behind in the
front we turn now inside one two three
out two three faced with the center open
cause behind closed closed sway and
close we turn chacha and course we turn
back chacha and course it will finish
face on to the clockwise direction and
we start the second part from here
chacha back and cause the back with the
left chacha the same with left and back
with the right we move on the line
direction right left and pivot back with
the left up with right leg
back n goes face in the center full turn
there with four steps let's try again
all the second part or the second part
we start with the right foot on the line
let's do it again cha cha cha cha and
close chacha and close right left p vote
back to NP vote goes behind and closing
phone we turn four steps three info here
we doing facial center sway sway box
step and heal with right one two three
together it's one two three and four
five six seven eight with the right step
up one two three step hop one two three
and we repeat the same part again one
two three back one two three back we
move on the line back up with right leg
goes behind any phone we turn full step
3 info sway sway box step heel with
right step two one two three step with
the incidence twice the first time we're
doing the first part twice the second
time only once and the ending of the
dance we just move on the line this part
we vote hop the leg and we finish the
dance with right legs back thank you
very much
sorry I will garnish me this over
shall I Saudi la clown Modibo
we go
gotcha so the me shakes are to me you
amigo se me
you the whole
lethal man with me I shall
mido
hey y'all
Jimmy Fallon a special man
I'm nice hi-yah
how young
my gosh Amy
jimmy finnelli special man
ha ha
takashi la chamba it lets me leave
your
we must
kemah yet come
Tommy this
haha
I
show me from an official man
oh yeah
i am shelly
Chevy palace the shaman
right
you